{
  "scene_number": 1,
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's Sermon on the Hill of al-Ṣafā",
  "era": "pre_prophetic|early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 59",
  "moral_lesson": "Standing up for one's faith and beliefs, even in the face of adversity.",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "name": "The Prophet",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet stood on the hill of al-Ṣafā, looking out at the people of Makkah with a serious and determined expression. He raised his hands to the sky, a gesture of supplication and declaration, as he proclaimed the message of Islam to the people.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": "No graphic violence or idols depicted."
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A panoramic view of the hill of al-Ṣafā, with a backdrop of the 7th century Makkah cityscape in the distance. Late afternoon golden sunlight casts long shadows across the hill, with the Prophet standing at the crest, seen entirely from behind. The central figure is medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. One hand is extended upwards, the other is raised, palms facing the sky, in a gesture of supplication and declaration. Soft warm golden light, vast and expansive mood. Wide-angle shot from a low angle, looking up at the Prophet. Warm beige, golden, and deep green palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. The cityscape in the background is depicted in muted earth tones, with the ancient buildings and palm trees silhouetted against the sky. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}