{
  "scene_number": 2,
  "scene_summary": "The people of Makkah are shocked and confused by the Prophet's message.",
  "era": "late_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 59",
  "moral_lesson": "Open-mindedness and patience are essential when encountering new ideas.",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "The people of Makkah", "role": "crowd", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "ordinary people of various ages and builds, wearing traditional Makkah clothing in shades of beige, brown, and white, with some wearing head coverings"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The people of Makkah were surprised and confused when they heard the Prophet's message. They looked at each other, unsure of what to make of it.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "NO_PROPHET", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "No graphic violence or idols in the scene"},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Bustling city square in 7th century Makkah with a large stone fountain in the center, surrounded by ancient palm trees and intricately carved wooden stalls. Late afternoon sunlight casts long shadows across the cobblestone streets. A large crowd of people, dressed in traditional Makkah clothing in shades of beige, brown, and white, with some wearing head coverings, stands and sits on the stone pavement. The crowd is engaged in a lively discussion, with some people looking at each other with confused expressions, while one person points at the central figure seen from behind, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, gesturing emphatically. The atmosphere is one of shock and confusion, with the sound of murmured conversations and the smell of dates and incense wafting through the air. Medium wide shot from above, capturing the energy of the crowd. Soothing beige, brown, and white color palette with the deep green cloak as a subtle accent. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."