{
  "scene_number": 3,
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's Companions Remind Him to Pray",
  "era": "madinah_early",
  "region": "arabian_desert",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 219",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of prayer and seeking Allah's guidance",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "The Prophet", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "Companions", "role": "sahabi", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "various builds and postures, wearing simple white thobes with plain woolen cloaks"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet's companions tried to remind him to pray, but he was too focused on the battle. They gently held up their hands in a prayer gesture, hoping to bring him back to his duties.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "Historically accurate depiction of a 7th century battlefield"},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A rugged 7th century battlefield in Medina with a sandy terrain, rocky outcroppings, and scattered palm trees in the distance. Late afternoon sunlight casts a warm glow over the scene, with a few wispy clouds in the sky. In the center of the image, the central figure seen from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, standing with his back to the viewer, gazing intently at the battle unfolding before him. To his left and right, several companions are shown from behind, wearing simple white thobes with plain woolen cloaks, their faces obscured. Each companion is depicted with a gentle hand raised in a prayer gesture, as if trying to bring the Prophet back to his duties. Soft warm golden light, dramatic and intense mood. Medium shot from slightly above, with the Prophet's companions' hands taking center stage. Earthy tones, with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."