{
  "scene_number": 2,
  "scene_title": "Sa ʿd ibn Mu ʿādh's Rejection",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 219",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of standing up for one's faith and principles",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "Sa ʿd ibn Mu ʿādh",
      "name": "Sa ʿd ibn Mu ʿādh",
      "role": "sahabi",
      "depiction_rule": "FULL",
      "appearance": "medium build, strong posture, wearing a traditional Makkah thobe and a brown woolen cloak with a white head covering, a determined expression on his face"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "Sa ʿd ibn Mu ʿādh was approached by the Quraysh leaders with a proposal to convert to their pagan ways. However, he refused to give up his faith and principles.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "NOT_PRESENT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": "The scene depicts a determined and strong-willed character, emphasizing the importance of standing up for one's faith and principles."
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A spacious 7th century Makkah meeting room or gathering place with high ceilings, walls adorned with intricate stone carvings, and a large stone floor. Late afternoon sunlight pours through a series of narrow windows on the upper walls, casting a warm glow across the room. In the center of the room, a group of men sit in a circle on low stools, but the focus is on the central figure, Sa ʿd ibn Mu ʿādh, standing with his feet shoulder-width apart, wearing a traditional Makkah thobe and a brown woolen cloak with a white head covering, his arms crossed over his chest or his head shaking in a gesture of rejection, a determined expression on his face. Soft warm golden light, strong and confident mood. Medium shot at eye level. Earthy tones, sandy beige, and golden palette with the brown cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."