{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's Response to Bilāl's Call to Prayer",
  "era": "pre_prophetic",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 219",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of responding to the call to prayer",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "Prophet",
      "name": "The central figure",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture"
    },
    {
      "id": "Bilāl",
      "name": "The young man with the call to prayer",
      "role": "sahabi",
      "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE",
      "appearance": "slender build, wearing a simple white thobe and a brown woolen cloak, holding a staff in one hand"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet heard Bilāl calling him to prayer and stepped out of his home to respond.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A quiet evening scene in a residential area of 7th century Makkah, with the sun setting behind a row of simple mud-brick homes. The air is calm and peaceful. A narrow street leads to the center of the city, lined with date palms and a few scattered trees. In the distance, the call to prayer echoes through the air. In the foreground, a doorway to a modest home stands open, with a warm golden light spilling out onto the street. The central figure, seen entirely from behind, steps out of the doorway, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. He looks towards the young man on the left, who stands facing him with a staff in one hand and a gentle expression on his face. The young man is dressed in a simple white thobe and a brown woolen cloak. Soft warm golden light, peaceful and serene mood. Medium shot from a slight distance, capturing the quiet evening scene. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."