{
  "scene_title": "Abū Rāfi ʿ Identifies the Angels",
  "era": "pre_prophetic",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 150",
  "moral_lesson": "Belief in angels and their role in guiding the Prophet",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "Abū Rāfi ʿ", "role": "sahabi", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "Abū Lahab", "role": "antagonist", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "slender build, slightly stooped shoulders, wearing a plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"},
    {"id": "3", "name": "Angels", "role": "supporting", "depiction_rule": "SILHOUETTE", "appearance": "three figures seen from behind, dressed in white tunics with golden sashes"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "Abū Rāfi ʿ was invited to the house of Abū Lahab, where he saw the angels and identified them to Abū Lahab.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "NOT_PRESENT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "Image must be sensitive to Abū Lahab's skepticism"},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Interior of a modest 7th century Makkah home with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Late afternoon golden sunlight streams through an open wooden doorway on the right, casting warm rays across the room. In the corner sits a clay water jug, and a small ceramic oil lamp rests on a low wooden shelf giving a soft glow. Two figures sit facing each other on the mat. On the left, Abū Rāfi ʿ stands with his back to the viewer, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, pointing with one hand to a group of three figures seen from behind in the background, dressed in white tunics with golden sashes. On the right, Abū Lahab sits with a look of skepticism, wearing a plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, his back slightly turned away from the central action. Soft warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."