{
  "scene_number": 2,
  "scene_summary": "Prophet Muhammad shares the news with Ab\u00f1 Salamah and begins planning the defense",
  "era": "madinah_early",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 185",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of planning and preparation",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "Prophet Muhammad",
      "name": "the central figure",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture"
    },
    {
      "id": "Ab\u00f1 Salamah",
      "name": "slender older man",
      "role": "sahabi",
      "depiction_rule": "FULL",
      "appearance": "slightly stooped shoulders, wearing an off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, sitting in a focused posture with his hands clasped together, intently listening to the central figure"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "Prophet Muhammad shared the news with Ab\u00f1 Salamah, and they began planning the defense of Madinah together.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A simple yet elegant meeting room in Madinah during the early days of Islam. Warm afternoon sunlight filters through a small window on the left, casting soft rays across the room. On the right, a low wooden table stands, with a rolled-up parchment or a rough map laid out upon it, possibly indicating the layout of the city or a plan for defense. Two figures sit facing each other on a simple yet sturdy wooden bench. On the left, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture. On the right, a slender older man with slightly stooped shoulders, wearing an off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, sitting in a focused posture with his hands clasped together, intently listening to the central figure. Soft warm light, serious and contemplative mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm beige, cream, and brown palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. A hint of a cityscape or a mosque in the background, adding context to the scene. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}