{
  "scene_number": 4,
  "scene_summary": "The Prophet places his hand on ʿ Abdullāh ibn Anīs' shoulder, expressing his pride.",
  "era": "madinah_early",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 185",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of pride in one's faith and accomplishments",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "abdullah_ibn_anis",
      "name": "ʿ Abdullāh ibn Anīs",
      "role": "sahabi",
      "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE",
      "appearance": "young man, medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a simple white thobe with a plain brown woolen cloak and a white cloth head covering"
    },
    {
      "id": "prophet_muhammad",
      "name": "The central figure",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad was very proud of ʿ Abdullāh ibn Anīs for his good deeds. He placed his hand on ʿ Abdullāh's shoulder to show his pride and appreciation.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Interior of the historic Prophet's Mosque in Medina, with a high ceiling supported by wooden beams and a large stone Mihrab wall on the far right. Late afternoon sunlight streams through the large windows on the left, casting warm rays across the prayer area. In the center of the room, two figures stand facing each other. On the left, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. On the right, a young man with a medium build, wearing a simple white thobe with a plain brown woolen cloak and a white cloth head covering, looking up at the central figure with a mix of respect and admiration. The central figure's right hand is placed gently on the young man's left shoulder, conveying a sense of pride and approval. Soft warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm beige, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. The large stone Mihrab wall on the far right and the wooden beams on the ceiling add a sense of grandeur and history to the scene. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."