{
  "scene_number": 3,
  "scene_summary": "Prophet Muhammad and his companions prepare to defend Madinah, gathering their gear and horses",
  "era": "madinah_early",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 185",
  "moral_lesson": "Preparation and determination are key to facing challenges",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "the central figure", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "Abū Salamah", "role": "sahabi", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "slender build, wearing an off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"},
    {"id": "3", "name": "other companions", "role": "crowd", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "various builds, wearing off-white or brown thobes and woolen cloaks with white cloth head coverings"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The companions of the Prophet Muhammad were getting ready to defend Madinah. They loaded their gear onto horses, preparing for a challenging journey.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "Historically accurate depiction of 7th century Madinah"},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Late afternoon sunlight casts long shadows in a large open area near the city of Madinah, with a few palm trees and mud-brick buildings in the background. In the center of the scene, several horses are saddled and loaded with gear, surrounded by a group of men. On the right, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, reaching for a horse's saddle. Next to him, Abū Salamah: slender build, wearing an off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, checking the gear on a horse. Other companions are busily loading gear onto the horses, their faces filled with determination. Soft warm golden light, dynamic and action-packed mood. Medium shot, slightly above eye level. Warm beige, brown, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}