{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's Encouragement",
  "era": "pre_prophetic|early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 265",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of encouragement and support in times of need",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "The Prophet", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "tall build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "Bilal", "role": "sahabi", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, slightly stooped shoulders, wearing an off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet gently placed his hand on Bilal's shoulder, giving him the courage he needed to stay strong.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": ""},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. The interior of a modest 7th century Makkah mosque with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Late afternoon golden sunlight streams through an open wooden doorway on the left, casting warm rays across the room. In the center of the room stands a simple wooden minbar, its wooden surface worn smooth by years of use. A small group of men sit on the floor around the minbar, their faces calm and focused. On the right, a man is seen from behind: medium build, slightly stooped shoulders, wearing an off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, his hands clasped together in a gesture of supplication. On the left, the central figure seen entirely from behind: tall build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture. The Prophet's hand gently rests on Bilal's shoulder, a symbol of his support and encouragement. Soft warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."