{
  "scene_number": 4,
  "scene_summary": "Bilal looks thoughtful, considering the Prophet's words.",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 265",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of reflection and contemplation",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "name": "The Prophet",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture"
    },
    {
      "id": "2",
      "name": "Bilal",
      "role": "sahabi",
      "depiction_rule": "FULL",
      "appearance": "slender build, slightly stooped shoulders, wearing an off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, head tilted slightly forward, eyes looking thoughtful and intent"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet spoke words of wisdom, and Bilal looked thoughtful, considering their meaning.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Interior of the mosque in early 7th century Makkah with a simple wooden floor and plain stone or mud-brick walls in warm earth tones. Late afternoon golden sunlight streams through a series of narrow windows high above the room, casting warm rays across the space. The air is filled with the scent of incense and the soft hum of prayer. Two figures sit facing each other on a simple stone bench. On the left, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture. On the right, a slender young man with slightly stooped shoulders, wearing an off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, sitting in a deeply contemplative posture - head tilted slightly forward, eyes looking thoughtful and intent, one hand raised to his chin as if deep in thought. Soft warm golden light, intimate and contemplative mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."