{
  "scene_number": 4,
  "scene_summary": "The Prophet smiles and offers to help Abū Mulayḥ and Qārib ibn al-Aswad with their debts.",
  "era": "madinah_early",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 349",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of kindness and generosity, especially towards those in need.",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "Abū Mulayḥ", "role": "sahabi", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing an off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "Qārib ibn al-Aswad", "role": "sahabi", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a beige-colored thobe and a simple white turban"},
    {"id": "3", "name": "the central figure", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "tall build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad was known for his kindness and generosity. One day, he met two men, Abū Mulayḥ and Qārib ibn al-Aswad, who were struggling with debt. The Prophet smiled and offered to help them, showing that even the smallest act of kindness can make a big difference.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": ""},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Interior of a modest 7th century Medina home with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Late afternoon golden sunlight streams through an open wooden doorway on the right, casting warm rays across the room. In the corner sits a tall clay water jug, and a small ceramic oil lamp rests on a low wooden shelf giving a soft glow. Three figures sit facing each other on the mat. On the left, Abū Mulayḥ: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing an off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, looking up at the central figure with a mixture of hope and gratitude. In the center, Qārib ibn al-Aswad: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a beige-colored thobe and a simple white turban, his eyes cast down at his feet. On the right, the central figure seen entirely from behind: tall build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture. The central figure's face is smiling, and his hands are open and welcoming. Soft warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."