{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's First Glimpse of the Kaaba",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 375",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of reverence and respect for sacred places",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "The Prophet", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "Companions", "role": "sahabi", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "various builds and postures, wearing simple white thobes and plain head coverings"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad and his companions arrived at the Kaaba, the sacred house in Mecca, and the Prophet dismounted his camel to get his first glimpse of the Kaaba.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "None"},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Exterior of the Kaaba, Mecca, in the late afternoon. The warm sun casts long shadows across the sandy desert floor. In the distance, the Kaaba's distinctive cube-shaped structure rises above the horizon, its white stone walls gleaming in the sunlight. Several camels stand nearby, their riders dismounted and gathered around the Prophet, who is seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. The Prophet's hand rests on the hilt of his camel's halter, his eyes fixed intently on the Kaaba. The companions stand around him, their faces filled with a mix of awe and reverence. Soft warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood. Medium shot at eye level. Warm beige, golden, and cream palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}