{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's Final Circumambulation",
  "era": "late_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 375",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of completing one's duties and obligations",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "The Prophet",
      "name": "The central figure",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, hands clasped together in prayer"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad completes his pilgrimage by walking around the Kaaba one last time, showing his deep connection and devotion to Allah.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. The interior of the Kaaba, a modest 7th century Makkah structure with unpainted mud-brick walls in a warm earth tone and a plain stone floor. Evening golden sunlight filters through the open doorways on both sides, casting soft warm rays across the room. The air is filled with a sense of serenity and peacefulness. In the center of the room, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. The central figure's hands are clasped together in prayer as they walk slowly around the Kaaba, their footsteps echoing in the stillness. A small group of people stand at a distance, their faces turned towards the central figure in reverence and respect. Soft warm golden light, serene and peaceful mood. Medium shot from slightly above, capturing the grandeur of the Kaaba. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}