{
  "scene_number": 1,
  "scene_summary": "The Khawlān Delegation arrives at Prophet Muhammad's mosque, eager to share their story.",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 367",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of sharing one's story and being open to others",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "The Khawlān Delegation", "role": "crowd", "depiction_rule": "MODERATE", "appearance": "simple, neutral clothing, no facial features for prophets"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "The central figure seen from behind", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Khawlān Delegation arrived at the mosque, excited to share their story with Prophet Muhammad. They knocked on the door, eager to meet him.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "The scene is set in a respectful and dignified manner"},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. The interior of a modest 7th century Makkah mosque with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Late afternoon golden sunlight streams through an open wooden doorway on the left, casting warm rays across the room. In the center, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, standing near the entrance. To the right of the central figure, a group of men dressed in simple, neutral clothing, with one man in the front, smiling and knocking on the door with a gentle fist, leading the delegation. The men's faces are visible, showing their excitement and eagerness. Soft warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood. Medium shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."