{
  "scene_title": "Welcoming the Khawlān Delegation",
  "era": "pre_prophetic",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 367",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of hospitality and listening to others",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "khawlan_delegation", "name": "Khawlān Delegation", "role": "supporting", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "various traditional Arabian clothing and headgear"},
    {"id": "prophet_muhammad", "name": "The Prophet Muhammad", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "tall build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad welcomed the delegation from Khawlān with kindness and invited them to share their story. He listened attentively as they spoke.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "None"},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Interior of a modest 7th century mosque in Makkah with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Late afternoon golden sunlight streams through an open wooden doorway on the right, casting warm rays across the room. In the center of the room stands a large stone column, and a small wooden pulpit rests against the wall giving a soft glow. Two figures stand facing each other near the entrance. On the left, the central figure seen entirely from behind: tall build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one arm extended in a welcoming gesture, palm up and open. On the right, a group of men in various traditional Arabian clothing and headgear, including a man in a dark brown thobe and a white cloth head covering, standing slightly behind and looking at the central figure with interest and respect. Soft warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood. Medium shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."