{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet receives complaints from Quraysh",
  "era": "pre_prophetic",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 138",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of listening to concerns and grievances",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "The Prophet", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "Quraysh messenger", "role": "antagonist", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "slender build, wearing a white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad sat calmly in his home, listening to the Quraysh messenger who stood before him, expressing their concerns and grievances.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": ""},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Late evening interior of the Prophet's modest 7th century Makkah home with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Soft golden light from an open wooden doorway on the right casts warm rays across the room. In the corner, a clay water jug sits on a low wooden shelf, and a small ceramic oil lamp gives a soft glow. The central figure seen entirely from behind, medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, sits on the mat. Before him stands a slender figure, seen from behind, wearing a white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, their arms gesturing as they speak, their face hidden. The warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood, fills the space. Medium shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}