{
  "scene_number": 3,
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's Tawaf",
  "era": "late_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 302",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of completing rituals with sincerity and devotion",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "prophet",
      "name": "The Prophet",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad gently touches the Black Stone with his staff after completing a round of tawaf, feeling at peace with his devotion to Allah.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Early morning on the Ka'bah grounds with the majestic structure standing tall, its stone walls in warm beige and off-white hues. The sun rises high in the sky, casting a warm golden light across the vast open space. The central figure, seen entirely from behind, stands facing the Ka'bah, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. In his right hand, he holds a sturdy wooden staff, and his left hand is outstretched, gently touching the sacred Black Stone. A few scattered pilgrims, dressed in simple white and brown robes, walk in the background, their faces filled with devotion and respect. The atmosphere is serene and peaceful, with a sense of calmness and tranquility. Medium shot from a slight angle, capturing the majesty of the Ka'bah and the Prophet's devotion. Warm golden, beige, and off-white palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}