{
  "scene_number": 1,
  "scene_summary": "The Prophet arrives at the Ka'bah and calls for 'Uthman ibn Talhah to open it.",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 302",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of faith and trust in Allah's plan",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "name": "The Prophet",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle gesture"
    },
    {
      "id": "2",
      "name": "Uthman ibn Talhah",
      "role": "supporting",
      "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE",
      "appearance": "medium build, wearing a simple white thobe and a light brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad arrived at the Ka'bah and called for 'Uthman ibn Talhah to open it. He wanted to perform 'umrah, a pilgrimage to the holy site.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Exterior of the Ka'bah in Makkah, circa 7th century, with a simple mud-brick structure and a single doorway with a wooden frame. Early morning sunlight casts a golden glow on the surrounding area. The central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, standing in front of the doorway and extending one hand in a gentle gesture. Next to him stands a tall, slender man with a serious expression, wearing a simple white thobe and a light brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, standing in a formal posture with his arms crossed, looking at the Prophet. Soft warm golden light, sacred and reverent mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. In the background, a few palm trees and simple mud-brick houses can be seen, adding to the historic authenticity of the scene. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."