{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's Triumphant Declaration",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 302",
  "moral_lesson": "The power of faith and conviction",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "prophet",
      "name": "The Prophet",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a powerful and resolute gesture"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet stood tall, his voice echoing through the crowded square, proclaiming the greatness of Allah.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. The interior of the Ka'bah in 7th century Mecca, with a large stone cube structure in the center, surrounded by a crowd of people of various ages and backgrounds, all wearing traditional Arabian clothing in earthy tones and simple head coverings. The air is filled with the scent of frankincense and myrrh. Late afternoon sunlight streams through the doorway, casting a warm glow on the scene. The central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. One hand is raised high in a powerful and resolute gesture, the other hand extended in a declaration of faith, as if proclaiming 'Allah-u-Akbar' to the crowd. The crowd is depicted in various emotional states, from awe and reverence to joy and amazement. Soft warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Earthy, beige, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."