{
  "scene_title": "A Warm Welcome in Madinah",
  "era": "madinah_early",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 186",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of hospitality and welcoming guests",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "Hudhayl", "role": "antagonist", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a light brown thobe and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "the central figure", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad welcomed the Hudhayl delegation with a warm smile, extending his hand in friendship.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": ""},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Interior of the Madinah mosque during the 7th century with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Late afternoon golden sunlight streams through an open wooden doorway on the right, casting warm rays across the room. In the center of the room stands a tall, slender clay minbar with intricate geometric patterns carved into the stone base. Two figures sit facing each other on the mat. On the right, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture. On the left, a slender man with medium build, wearing a light brown thobe and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, sitting in an expectant posture - head slightly tilted forward, looking forward with a hint of curiosity, one hand extended in a gesture of greeting. Soft warm golden light, intimate and welcoming mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm beige, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."