{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's Choice",
  "era": "madinah_early",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 186",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of choosing wise leaders",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "Prophet",
      "name": "The Prophet",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"
    },
    {
      "id": "Marthad ibn Abī Marthad",
      "name": "Marthad ibn Abī Marthad",
      "role": "sahabi",
      "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a simple off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet chose Marthad ibn Abī Marthad as the leader of the companions because of his wisdom and good character.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Interior of the Prophet's Mosque in Medina during the early Islamic period, with high wooden columns supporting the roof and simple stone walls. Late afternoon sunlight streams through the windows, casting warm rays across the prayer area. Two figures stand facing each other in the center of the room. On the left, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, extending his right hand in a gentle pointing gesture. On the right, a man of medium build, dressed in a simple off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, standing with his weight evenly distributed on both feet, looking at the central figure with a calm expression. Soft warm golden light, a sense of reverence and seriousness. Medium shot at eye level. Warm beige, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."