{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet Muhammad and his Companions enter the city of Makkah.",
  "era": "pre_prophetic",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 280",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of perseverance and trust in Allah's plan.",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "The Prophet Muhammad", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, riding a camel"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "The Companions", "role": "sahabi", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "various builds, wearing simple white thobes and brown woolen cloaks, walking behind the Prophet Muhammad"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad and his Companions were finally entering the city of Makkah, after years of traveling in the desert.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "Historically accurate depiction of 7th century Makkah."},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A majestic 7th century Makkah cityscape unfolds before us, with intricately patterned mud-brick buildings and narrow streets lined with palm trees. Late afternoon sunlight casts long shadows across the scene, with a hint of a dust storm brewing in the distance. In the center of the frame, a regal figure sits atop a majestic camel, dressed in a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. He rides calmly, his face unseen, as the gentle camel's ears perk up in attention. Behind him, a procession of Companions follows, each with simple white thobes and brown woolen cloaks, their faces filled with a mix of excitement and concern. Soft warm golden light, serene and majestic mood. Medium wide shot at eye level. Earthy tones, with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}