{
  "scene_number": 3,
  "scene_summary": "A poet is shown rejecting the call of Islam, citing loyalty to their pagan beliefs.",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 326",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of loyalty to one's faith and the consequences of rejecting the truth.",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "The Rebellious Poet", "role": "antagonist", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "tall build, wearing a colorful tunic with intricate golden embroidery, holding a small idol or statue in one hand and a staff in the other, seen from behind with a determined expression"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "The Companion", "role": "supporting", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "medium build, wearing a simple white thobe with a plain brown cloak draped over both shoulders, standing with a concerned expression and one hand extended in a gentle gesture"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The poet had always believed in the ancient gods, but when he heard the message of Islam, he was torn. He couldn't bear to give up his old ways, so he rejected the call of Islam and returned to his idol worship.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "NOT_PRESENT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "The idol is not depicted in detail, but its presence is implied"},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A crowded 7th century Makkah temple or shrine with a high ceiling and ornate stone columns, lit by flickering torches and the warm glow of the setting sun. The air is thick with the scent of incense and the sound of chanting can be heard in the distance. In the center of the scene, a tall figure seen from behind: medium build, wearing a colorful tunic with intricate golden embroidery, holding a small idol or statue in one hand and a staff in the other, with a determined expression. A slender figure stands before them: medium build, wearing a simple white thobe with a plain brown cloak draped over both shoulders, with a concerned expression and one hand extended in a gentle gesture. The atmosphere is tense and resistant, with a sense of conflict in the air. Medium shot at eye level. Muted color palette with shades of brown, beige, and gold, with the bright colors of the poet's tunic as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."