{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's Concern for ʿĀʼishah",
  "era": "madinah_early",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 211",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of looking out for one another's well-being",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "Prophet", "name": "the central figure seen from behind", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "Zaynab bint Jaḥsh", "name": "Zaynab", "role": "sahabi", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "slender build, wearing an off-white thobe and a plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet asked Zaynab if she had seen or heard anything suspicious about ʿĀʼishah.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": ""},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Interior of a quiet room in the Prophet's house in 7th century Medina with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Late afternoon golden sunlight streams through an open wooden doorway on the left, casting warm rays across the room. In the corner sits a tall clay water jug, and a small ceramic oil lamp rests on a low wooden shelf giving a soft glow. Two figures sit facing each other on the mat. On the left, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, looking at the other figure with a concerned expression, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture. On the right, a slender older woman with a gentle and concerned expression, wearing an off-white thobe and a plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, looking directly at the central figure with a thoughtful gaze. Soft warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."