{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet Refuses to Abandon His Message",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 62",
  "moral_lesson": "Perseverance in the face of adversity is key to achieving one's goals",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "Prophet_Muhammad",
      "name": "The Prophet",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"
    },
    {
      "id": "Abu_Talib",
      "name": "Abū Ṭālib",
      "role": "sahabi",
      "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE",
      "appearance": "stout build, wearing a thick brown woolen cloak and a white cloth head covering"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet refused to give up on his message, even when his uncle Abū Ṭālib warned him of the dangers.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Late evening interior of a quiet 7th century Makkah home with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Soft golden light streams through an open wooden doorway on the right, casting warm rays across the room. In the corner sits a clay water jug, and a small ceramic oil lamp rests on a low wooden shelf giving a soft glow. Two figures stand facing each other on the mat. On the left, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, hands clasped together in a gesture of deep prayer, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. On the right, a stout older man seen from the side: wearing a thick brown woolen cloak and a white cloth head covering, his face turned away from the viewer, his posture tense and worried, as if he is trying to persuade the Prophet to abandon his message. Soft warm golden light, intimate and serious mood. Medium shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."