{
  "scene_number": 4,
  "scene_summary": "A poet is shown embracing Islam, inspired by the Prophet Muhammad's message.",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 326",
  "moral_lesson": "Embracing faith brings joy and inner peace.",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "name": "The Converted Poet",
      "role": "sahabi",
      "depiction_rule": "FULL",
      "appearance": "slender build, dignified posture, wearing a white thobe and a green turban, radiant expression, holding a copy of the Quran in his right hand"
    },
    {
      "id": "2",
      "name": "The Prophet Muhammad",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, smiling in approval"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The poet's heart was filled with joy when he accepted Islam, inspired by the Prophet Muhammad's message.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A serene, natural setting with lush green grass and colorful wildflowers, reminiscent of a garden or mountain meadow. Soft morning sunlight filters through the trees, casting dappled shadows on the ground. In the distance, a majestic mountain range rises in the background. In the foreground, a young man with a slender build, wearing a white thobe and a green turban, stands with a radiant expression, holding a copy of the Quran in his right hand. He is shown in a joyful gesture, embracing Islam, with a sense of inner peace. Behind him, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, smiling in approval. The atmosphere is peaceful and serene, with a sense of hope and renewal. Medium close shot at eye level. Soft, muted palette with shades of green, blue, and yellow, evoking a sense of nature and tranquility. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}