{
  "scene_number": 1,
  "scene_title": "ʿAmr's Concerned Visit",
  "era": "madinah_early",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 188",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of seeking guidance and comfort in times of worry",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "name": "ʿAmr ibn Umayyah",
      "role": "sahabi",
      "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE",
      "appearance": "tall build, somewhat rugged features, dressed in a simple beige thobe with a dark brown woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a plain white head covering, looking worried and concerned"
    },
    {
      "id": "2",
      "name": "The Prophet",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "ʿAmr ibn Umayyah, a worried and concerned companion, arrives at the Prophet's presence in Madinah. He looks for guidance and comfort in times of worry.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Interior of a modest 7th century Madinah home with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Late afternoon golden sunlight streams through an open wooden doorway on the right, casting warm rays across the room. In the corner sits a clay water jug, and a small ceramic oil lamp rests on a low wooden shelf giving a soft glow. Two figures sit facing each other on the mat. On the left, ʿAmr ibn Umayyah: tall build, somewhat rugged features, dressed in a simple beige thobe with a dark brown woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a plain white head covering, looking worried and concerned, with a furrowed brow and a slight squint of his eyes. On the right, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture. Soft warm golden light, intimate and sacred mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm beige, golden, and earthy palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}