{
  "scene_number": 1,
  "scene_summary": "Quraysh sees Prophet Muhammad entering Makkah",
  "era": "late_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 280",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of humility and openness",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "quraysh", "name": "Quraysh", "role": "antagonist", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "medium build, dignified posture, wearing a flowing white thobe and a plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"},
    {"id": "prophet_muhammad", "name": "The Central Figure", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "As Quraysh looked up, they saw the central figure entering Makkah, and their faces lit up with curiosity.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": ""},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Wide, bustling 7th century Makkah street scene with unpainted mud-brick buildings in warm earth tones and a packed-earth road partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Late afternoon golden sunlight streams through a narrow alleyway on the left, casting warm rays across the street. In the center of the scene, a group of men in various shades of white and brown thobes stand together, engaged in conversation. On the right, a tall, imposing figure stands out from the crowd: the central figure seen entirely from behind, medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. The men in the crowd look up in surprise, their faces filled with curiosity as they take in the central figure's arrival. Soft warm golden light, lively and inquisitive mood. Wide shot from above, capturing the bustling street scene. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."