{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet Muhammad Greets the Khazrajis",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "madinah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 109",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of welcoming strangers and inviting them to learn about Islam",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "name": "The Prophet Muhammad",
      "role": "Prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture"
    },
    {
      "id": "2",
      "name": "Khazraj",
      "role": "supporting",
      "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE",
      "appearance": "slender build, wearing a plain off-white thobe and simple brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad smiled warmly and extended his hand in greeting to the Khazrajis, inviting them to learn about Islam and join their community.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A bustling 7th century Medina marketplace or public square with a mix of mud-brick buildings, palm trees, and a central paved area. Late afternoon golden sunlight casts a warm glow, with the sun's rays peeking through the palm fronds above. In the center of the scene, the central figure seen from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture. Standing opposite the central figure, a group of men from the Khazraj tribe, each dressed in a simple off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering, their faces turned to the central figure with expressions of curiosity and interest. Soft warm golden light, lively and inviting mood. Medium shot, slightly above eye level. Earthy, sand, and cream palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}