{
  "scene_title": "Abū Ṭālib's Dilemma",
  "era": "late_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 62",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of prioritizing faith over pleasing others",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "Abū Ṭālib", "role": "family_of_prophet", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe and a deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders, a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "the central figure", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "Abū Ṭālib worried about pleasing his people but also wanted to protect his nephew, the Prophet Muhammad.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": ""},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Interior of a modest 7th century Makkah home with unpainted mud-brick walls in warm earth tones and a packed-earth floor partly covered by a woven palm-fiber mat. Soft evening sunlight streams through small windows on the left, casting a warm gentle glow across the room. In the center of the mat, an older man with a worried expression sits in a contemplative posture - head tilted slightly forward, shoulders slightly slumped, hands clasped together in his lap, deep in thought. Behind him, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, standing with his back to the man, a subtle sense of calm and confidence emanating from him. A small clay water jug and a few woven baskets sit on a low wooden shelf in the corner, adding a touch of warmth and coziness to the scene. Soft warm golden light, intimate and contemplative mood. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm sand, cream, and golden palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."