{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet Signs the Agreement",
  "era": "madinah_early",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 114",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of commitment and agreement in building a community",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "name": "The Prophet",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad signed the agreement, marking the start of a new era in Madinah. The people rejoiced at this momentous occasion.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A sunny afternoon in a 7th century Madinah public square with a large open area and a few palm trees in the background. The central figure is seen from behind, standing near the edge of the square, wearing a deep green woolen cloak with a white thobe underneath, and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. One hand is extended, holding a quill pen, and the other is moving to sign a large, ornate document on a wooden table in front of him. The document is adorned with intricate patterns and calligraphy. In the background, a small crowd of people, a mix of men and women, are gathered around the square, watching the scene with interest and excitement. The atmosphere is one of joy and triumph. Soft warm sunlight, gentle and serene mood. Medium shot from a slight angle, capturing the action and emotion of the moment. Warm beige, golden, and deep green palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."