{
  "scene_number": 2,
  "scene_summary": "The Prophet meets six men from the Khazraj tribe, including Aws, who are curious about his message.",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 109",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of being open to new ideas and meeting others with an open heart.",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "Prophet", "name": "The Prophet", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "Aws", "name": "Aws", "role": "sahabi", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, dressed in a simple off-white thobe and plain brown woolen cloak with a white cloth head covering"},
    {"id": "Khazraj", "name": "The Khazraj men", "role": "crowd", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "various builds, dressed in simple thobes and head coverings"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet met six men from the Khazraj tribe who were curious about his message. They were eager to learn more about Islam.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": ""},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. The rocky hillside of ʿAqabah, with sparse desert vegetation and a few weathered palm trees in the background. Late afternoon sunlight casts long shadows across the rocky terrain. In the center of the scene, six men from the Khazraj tribe, including one figure seen from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, approach the central figure seen from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. The other five men from the Khazraj tribe are shown from the front, with various builds and simple thobes and head coverings. One of them, Aws, is shown with his back slightly turned, his eyes fixed on the central figure, his face a picture of curiosity. Soft warm golden light, open and inquiring mood. Medium shot at eye level. Earthy brown, beige, and sandy palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."