{
  "scene_title": "The Prophet Calls for the Notables to Gather",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 158",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of community gathering and following the Prophet's guidance",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "the central figure", "role": "Prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "Notable of the Qaynuqāʿ tribe", "role": "supporting", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, wearing a traditional Qaynuqāʿ attire with a white thobe and a beige woolen cloak, carrying a staff"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "The Prophet Muhammad called for the notables of the Qaynuqāʿ tribe to gather and listen to his message.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": ""},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A bustling public space in early 7th century Makkah, with a mix of mud-brick buildings and palm-fiber stalls. Late afternoon sunlight casts warm shadows across the scene. In the center, a large open space with a few palm trees and a small stone fountain, the source of gentle splashing water. A group of men, dressed in traditional attire, are gathered around a central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand raised in a commanding gesture. The men are dressed in a variety of traditional Qaynuqāʿ attire, with white thobes and beige woolen cloaks. One of the men, standing slightly apart, is wearing a similar outfit, but with a staff in his hand. Soft warm golden light, calm and authoritative mood. Medium shot from slightly above, looking down at the gathering. Earthy, golden, and cream palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."