{
  "scene_title": "Surāqah's Surprise Encounter",
  "era": "pre_prophetic",
  "region": "arabian_desert",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 119",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of recognizing and responding to divine guidance",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "sur1", "name": "Surāqah ibn Mālik", "role": "antagonist", "depiction_rule": "FULL", "appearance": "tall build, rugged features, dark brown cloak with a silver brooch, and a wide-brimmed hat"},
    {"id": "proph4", "name": "The Prophet", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "Surāqah ibn Mālik was a chieftain who had been searching for the Prophet. When he spotted the Prophet and his companion in the distance, his expression changed to one of surprise and recognition.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "No graphic violence or idols"},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. Endless dunes of golden sand stretch into the distance, with a few sparse acacia trees breaking the horizon line. Morning sunlight casts a warm glow over the scene, with a few wispy clouds scattered across the sky. In the far distance, two figures appear as tiny silhouettes on the horizon. On the left, a rugged figure with a tall build, dark brown cloak with a silver brooch, and a wide-brimmed hat sits atop a dune, gazing intently at the figures in the distance. His eyes are wide with surprise and recognition as he takes in the sight of the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades. The central figure is walking away from Surāqah, with his companion by his side. Soft warm morning light, expansive and serene mood. Medium shot from a low angle, looking up at Surāqah. Warm beige, golden, and sandy palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}