{
  "scene_number": 3,
  "scene_summary": "Muhammad and the Angel Jibril ascend to the sky",
  "era": "early_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 104",
  "moral_lesson": "Trust in Allah's plan and guidance",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "Muhammad", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "tall and slender build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "Angel Jibril", "role": "angel", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "medium build, majestic posture, wearing shining white robes with intricate golden embroidery, and a gleaming gold turban with a long cloth tail hanging behind"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "Muhammad was chosen for a special journey with the Angel Jibril. They ascended into the sky, and Muhammad saw the wonders of the universe.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": "none"},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A serene and majestic night sky above the city of Makkah, with the stars shining brightly and a full moon casting a gentle glow. In the foreground, a tall figure seen entirely from behind, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, and another figure directly behind, also seen from behind, wearing shining white robes with intricate golden embroidery, and a gleaming gold turban with a long cloth tail hanging behind. Both figures are rising into the air, as if being lifted by an unseen force, with the city of Makkah below, its buildings and streets visible in the distance. The air is filled with a sense of wonder and awe, and the sky is ablaze with a kaleidoscope of colors. Soft warm golden light, magical and dreamlike mood. Low-angle shot, looking up at the figures. Deep blues and purples of the night sky, with the deep green cloak as a color anchor and the shining gold embroidery as accents. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."