{
  "scene_number": 1,
  "scene_title": "The Prophet's Peaceful Slumber",
  "era": "pre_prophetic",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 104",
  "moral_lesson": "Finding peace in faith and trust in Allah's plan",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "muhammad",
      "name": "The Prophet Muhammad",
      "role": "prophet",
      "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a simple white thobe with a plain brown woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a plain white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a supporting gesture, the other hand resting on the ground with palms facing upwards."
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "In the quiet of the night, the Prophet Muhammad finds peace in his faith, unaware of the great journey that awaits him. He rests his head on his hands, trusting in Allah's plan.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": ""
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A simple yet peaceful 7th century mosque interior with walls made of smooth stone, the floor covered with worn wooden planks, and the air filled with the scent of frankincense. Soft moonlight streams through a narrow window on the left, casting a gentle glow across the room. In the center of the room, the central figure seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a simple white thobe with a plain brown woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a plain white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a supporting gesture, the other hand resting on the ground with palms facing upwards. The atmosphere is serene, with a sense of trust and surrender. Medium close shot at eye level. Soft blue and pale gray palette with touches of warm golden light, evoking a sense of peace and tranquility. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."