{
  "scene_number": 3,
  "scene_summary": "ʿ Utbah becomes frustrated and disappointed, realizing the Prophet's unwavering commitment to his faith.",
  "era": "late_makkah",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 71",
  "moral_lesson": "The importance of perseverance and commitment to one's values in the face of adversity.",
  "characters": [
    {"id": "1", "name": "ʿ Utbah ibn Rabīʿ ah", "role": "antagonist", "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE", "appearance": "tall build, slender, medium to dark complexion, wearing a dark brown or black thobe with intricate white embroidery and a matching headdress, one hand crossed over the other, face contorted in frustration"},
    {"id": "2", "name": "Muhammad", "role": "prophet", "depiction_rule": "FROM_BEHIND", "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture"}
  ],
  "narrative_text": "ʿ Utbah ibn Rabīʿ ah became increasingly frustrated with the Prophet's unwavering commitment to his faith. He couldn't understand why Muhammad wouldn't compromise on his message.",
  "compliance": {"prophet_check": "COMPLIANT", "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT", "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE", "notes": ""},
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. The same grand courtyard or palace, with high ceilings and intricately carved wooden columns, set against a backdrop of the scorching Makkah sun. Late afternoon golden sunlight casts long shadows across the floor, illuminating the scene. In the center, a tall, dark-haired man with a slender build, wearing a dark brown or black thobe with intricate white embroidery and a matching headdress, sits on a low stool, his face contorted in frustration, with his arms crossed over his chest. He sits facing the central figure, seen entirely from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a distinctive deep green woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, one hand extended in a gentle reassuring gesture. The atmosphere is tense and confrontational, with a sense of disappointment and frustration in the air. Medium close shot at eye level. Warm beige, golden, and dark brown palette with the deep green cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."
}