{
  "scene_number": 1,
  "scene_summary": "ʿ Utbah observes Muslims performing their daily prayers in secret.",
  "era": "pre_prophetic",
  "region": "makkah",
  "source_reference": "Adil Salahi, Muhammad: Man and Prophet, p. 71",
  "moral_lesson": "Importance of prayer and faith",
  "characters": [
    {
      "id": "1",
      "name": "ʿ Utbah ibn Rabīʿ ah",
      "role": "antagonist",
      "depiction_rule": "NO_FACE",
      "appearance": "medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep red woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades"
    },
    {
      "id": "2",
      "name": "Muslims (in the background)",
      "role": "supporting",
      "depiction_rule": "FULL",
      "appearance": "modestly dressed men with their faces turned towards the Kaaba, in a state of deep concentration and devotion"
    }
  ],
  "narrative_text": "ʿ Utbah watched from a distance as the Muslims performed their daily prayers, their faces filled with devotion and their hearts full of faith.",
  "compliance": {
    "prophet_check": "Not applicable",
    "modesty_check": "COMPLIANT",
    "child_safe": "APPROPRIATE",
    "notes": "No graphic violence or idols"
  },
  "image_prompt": "Children's watercolor storybook illustration, soft warm hand-painted style for ages 6-12. A panoramic view of a 7th century Makkah rooftop or hill overlooking the city, with the majestic Kaaba in the background. Early morning sunlight casts a warm glow over the scene, with a few wispy clouds scattered across the sky. In the foreground, the central figure seen from behind: medium build, dignified upright posture, wearing a flowing white thobe with a deep red woolen cloak draped over both shoulders and a white turban with a cloth tail hanging between the shoulder blades, standing at the edge of the rooftop with a look of curiosity on his face. In the distance, a group of Muslims are seen performing their daily prayers, their faces turned towards the Kaaba and their bodies in a state of deep concentration and devotion. The rooftop is partially covered with a woven palm-fiber mat, and a small clay water jug rests in the corner. Soft warm golden light, peaceful and contemplative mood. Medium shot from a slight angle, capturing the vastness of the scene. Warm beige, cream, and golden palette with the deep red cloak as a color anchor. No modern objects, historically accurate 7th century scene."